Doc Update for Deploy Status (#1881)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-metrics.md

## Deployment health

After you create a Deployment, its real-time health status appears at the top of the Deployment information page. Deployment health indicates if the components within your Deployment are running as expected.

![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)

The following are the possible Deployment health statuses:

> - **Creating** (Grey): A pulsating background and the status message **Creating** are used to indicate that Astro is still provisioning the resources for the Deployment. It is not yet available to run DAGs. See [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Creating** (Grey): Astro is still provisioning the resources for the Deployment. It is not yet available to run DAGs. See [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md).
```
This makes it consistent with the rest of the sections.

## Deployment health

> When you create a Deployment in the Cloud UI, a confirmation message appears indicating that it's in progress:
> 
> ![Deployment creation confirmation](/img/docs/deployment-creation-message.png)
> 
> Selecting the **Deployments** link returns you to the **Deployments** page where a pulsating background and the status message **Creating** are used to indicate that Deployment creation is in progress:
> 
> ![Deployment creation progress](/img/docs/deployment-creation-progress.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

After you create a Deployment, its real-time health status appears at the top of the Deployment information page. Deployment health indicates if the components within your Deployment are running as expected.

![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)

The following are the possible Deployment health statuses:

> - **Creating** (Grey): Astro is still provisioning the resources for the Deployment. It is not yet available to run DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Creating** (Grey): Astro is still provisioning the resources for the Deployment. It is not yet available to run DAGs. See [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md).
```

## Deployment health

When you create a Deployment in the Cloud UI, a confirmation message appears indicating that it's in progress:

![Deployment creation confirmation](/img/docs/deployment-creation-message.png)

Selecting the **Deployments** link returns you to the **Deployments** page where a pulsating background and the status message **Creating** are used to indicate that Deployment creation is in progress:

> ![Deployment creation progress](/img/docs/deployment-creation-progress.png)

Reviewer: Should everything related to the creation process be in https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment instead?

Author: @jwitz the information as it's presented here is sequential. The information is reliant on the text that precedes it. The creation message appears and a user physically needs to select the Deployment link to view the Deployment status information discussed later. It is the only way that a user can see this information. So, in my opinion, it should stay here as it's all related. If it is moved, users might be unaware how they see the Creating status on the Deployments page. I'll update the Create a Deployment topic to include the new behavior and a link to this information. Good catch.

Reviewer: Users can see the status of "Creating" Deployments even if they didn't create the Deployment themselves, like in the case of another team member creating a Deployment in your Workspace. Also if a user just refreshes their page, they can also just find the "Creating" Deployment in their Deployments list.

This topic isn't about what happens when you create a Deployment, it's a general reference topic for all possible Deployment status. So starting with a section about what happens when you create a new Deployment seems out of place.

Author: @jwitz I see your point, but I think the existing sequence works well and serves to introduce the following content. The **Creating** status only displays for a short period (typically). I think it's helpful for users to know how this is initiated in a single location where Deployment health status is discussed. Why make them jump to another topic? I've updated the behavior statement in _Create a Deployment_ and added a link to this content. Again, I think it works well as is.

Reviewer: That's where we disagree: I think the single place this should be discussed is the Create a Deployment doc, because that's where a user will most likely be when the creation confirmation happens.

`deployment-creation-message.png` is neither a Deployment health status nor a metric. Therefore, it would make more sense to include that image in Create a Deployment. The **Creating** status/ process is only one small part of this larger topic on Deployment metrics. I wouldn't be pushing back on this so much if I had a better idea of why we're introducing a section on _all_ health statuses with information on a creation process that's only related to one of the possible health statuses.

Author: Sorry, @jwitz I think it works best as is. I don't want to interrupt a procedure with an unnecessary screen capture. I've described the behavior in _Create a Deployment_ and provided a link. I think that's adequate. If you feel strongly about this (and it app[ears that you do), I can remove the creation message screen capture and descriptive text from the health status section.  Again, I think it works well as is.

Reviewer: Yes sorry, I do think we should remove the info from the health status section at a minimum.

> 
> If you hover over a Deployment when the status message is **Creating**, the background turns blue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
What is the purpose of doing this?

Author: @jwitz I debated about adding this copy. I don't think it's necessary as it's obvious application behavior. I thought I would add it and see your response. It seems you concur! Happy to remove it.

> When the Deployment is created, its real-time health status appears at the top of the Deployment information page. Deployment health indicates if the components within your Deployment are running as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a Deployment, its real-time health status appears at the top of the Deployment information page. Deployment health indicates if the components within your Deployment are running as expected.
```

![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)

> The following are the available Deployment health statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the possible Deployment health statuses:
```

Reviewer: "Available" implies some sort of choice to me, but not tied to this recommendation too strongly.

> - **Creating** (Grey): The Deployment is being created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Creating** (Grey): Astro is still provisioning the resources for the Deployment. It is not yet available to run DAGs.
```

> - **Deploying** (Grey): An image or a DAG-only deploy is in progress. Hover over the status indicator to view DAG and image version information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deploying** (Grey): A code deploy is in progress. Hover over the status indicator to view specific information about the deploy, including whether it was an image deploy or a DAG-only deploy.
```

## Deployment health

When you create a Deployment in the Cloud UI, a confirmation message appears indicating that it's in progress:

![Deployment creation confirmation](/img/docs/deployment-creation-message.png)

Selecting the **Deployments** link returns you to the **Deployments** page where a pulsating, blue background and the status message **Creating** are used to indicate that Deployment creation is in progress:

> ![Deployment creation progress](/img/docs/deployment-creation-progress.png)

Reviewer 2: the blue background is only when you've hovered over the deployment - not sure we should mention it here.

Author: @jlaneve I have updated the text.

When the Deployment is created, its real-time health status appears at the top of the Deployment information page. Deployment health indicates if the components within your Deployment are running as expected.

![Deployment Health status](/img/docs/deployment-health.png)

The following are the available Deployment health statuses:

- **Creating** (Grey): The Deployment is being created.

> - **Deploying** (Grey): A Deployment image is being deployed. Hover over the status indicator to view DAG and image version information.

Reviewer 2: this is either an image or a DAG-based deploy, maybe worth mentioning that here? and then we can link to DAG-based deploy docs

Author: @jlaneve I have updated the text. I don't think a link is appropriate here. The information can be located quickly by searching.

- **Healthy** (Green): The Airflow webserver and scheduler are both healthy and running as expected.
- **Unhealthy** (Red): This status can mean one of two things:

>     - Your Deployment was recently created and the Airflow webserver and scheduler are still starting.

Reviewer 2: this should no longer be the case - if a deployment was recently creating and is still starting, it should show the Creating status, not the unhealthy status (this was a large reason we made the change - pretty confusing for someone who's just created a deployment to immediately see it as unhealthy 🙂)

Author: @jlaneve I have updated the text
